# StackGAN

## What is it?
Stacked adversarial networks to produce high quality images.
The first GAN sketces the primitive shape and colors of of the scene given the text description, this yields low resolution images. GAN 2 takes the results from the first one AND the text description. This creates high details. 
## Why does it exist?
Normal GANs face resolution issues. Stacks will create high resolution photo-realistic images. 

## Why is a good approach to our problem?

## What is a GAN?
GANs are compsed of a generator and a discriminator. These two have competing goals; the generator is trained to generate samples towards the true data distribution and the discriminator is trained to distinguish between real samples from the true distribution and fake samples produced by the generator. 

GANs are known to be difficult to train. The process is very senstive to hyper parameters. This problem is even more sever when trying to generate high-resolution images. Stabilizing a GANs training process is a very hard task but there are a number of approaches, but they are limited to one GAN. Stacked GANs will make use of the sub roblem of generating low resolution images into high ones with the accompanying text.

Stacked GANs can not only be used to add details to a low resolution images. But also fix defects. 

## Prelims

Generator G is optimized to reproduce the true data distribution p_data by generating images that are difficult for the discriminator D to differentiate from real images. D is optimized to distinguish real images and synthetic images generated by G. Overall the training procedure is a minmax two-player game. 

## TEXT encoder
The textenccoder is pretrained, maybe use our own encoder here. 

## Keywords
* Conditioning Augmentation - Smoothness in the latent conditioning manifold
* color-consitency regularization term. 
* Variational Autoencoder - Image thing
